# Game-of-Stones

The game starts with a random number of stones between 15 and 30. Two players alternate turns and 
on each turn may take either 1, 2, or 3 stones from the pile. The player forced to take the last stone 
loses.

A program that allows the user to play against the computer. In this version of the game, the 
application generates the number of stones to begin with, the number of stones the computer takes, 
and which user goes first. 

Program displays the original number of stones you are to start with (randomly generated by 
the program), asks the user how many stones the user wants to take, how many stones each player 
draws (only the computer’s would be the one that’s randomly generated) and which user went first 
(also randomly selected by the program).

Includes code that prevents the user and the computer from taking an illegal number of stones. For 
example, neither players are allowed to take three stones when there are only 1 or 2 left. 

NOTE: These are the additional things/features I added to my program:
1. Used a function 
2. Created counter for total number of rounds played
3. Presented in a organized and neat way with graphics 
4. Incorporated a 'Prize' feature which gives the winner of the game a prize, unless it is a Coco the Computer. Used random.choice 
5. Incorporated a "Fun Questionnaire" feature so that it is more interactive 
6. Asked the user if they want to play, and then at the end of the game asked the user if they want to play again - used loops
7. Allowed user to have the option to play against a friend or Coco the Computer
8. Included a Game Summary 
9. User gives a rating for the stones game
